CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Eventua11y

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Eventua11y ❤️

## Suggest a new feature or improvement

Do you have an idea for a new feature, or a suggestion for improving Eventua11y? Sounds great! Create a new [feature request issue](https://github.com/mattobee/eventua11y/issues/new?template=feature_request.md), providing as much information as possible.

## Report an accessibility defect

Please report any defects that affect the accessibility of Eventua11y. They will of course be prioritised. Before creating an issue, please check the list of [existing accessibility issues](https://github.com/mattobee/eventua11y/labels/accessibility) in case it has already been reported.

As a general rule, all pages on eventua11y.com should conform to WCAG 2.2 at Level AA.

## Solve an issue

Ready to get your hands dirty? Scan through the [existing issues](https://github.com/mattobee/eventua11y/issues) to find one that interests you. Start with [good first issues](https://github.com/mattobee/eventua11y/labels/good%20first%20issue). You can narrow down the search using labels as filters. If you find an issue to work on, you are welcome to open a PR with a fix.

Commit message:

Update README, CONTRIBUTING, and package.json with expanded docs and correct repo URLs
- Rewrite README with full technology stack, development setup, testing, and CI/CD sections
- Add accessibility section aligned with the published accessibility statement
- Add SECURITY.md with responsible disclosure instructions
- Add development setup link to CONTRIBUTING.md
- Fix all references from mattobee/eventua11y to eventua11y/eventua11y.com

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Eventua11y

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Eventua11y ❤️

## Suggest a new feature or improvement

Do you have an idea for a new feature, or a suggestion for improving Eventua11y? Sounds great! Create a new [feature request issue](https://github.com/eventua11y/eventua11y.com/issues/new?template=feature_request.md), providing as much information as possible.

## Report an accessibility defect

Please report any defects that affect the accessibility of Eventua11y. They will of course be prioritised. Before creating an issue, please check the list of [existing accessibility issues](https://github.com/eventua11y/eventua11y.com/labels/accessibility) in case it has already been reported.

As a general rule, all pages on eventua11y.com should conform to WCAG 2.2 at Level AA.

## Solve an issue

Ready to get your hands dirty? Scan through the [existing issues](https://github.com/eventua11y/eventua11y.com/issues) to find one that interests you. Start with [good first issues](https://github.com/eventua11y/eventua11y.com/labels/good%20first%20issue). You can narrow down the search using labels as filters. If you find an issue to work on, you are welcome to open a PR with a fix.

## Development setup

See the [Development section of the README](README.md#development) for instructions on setting up a local development environment, running tests, and building the project.
